HaSeul: Hello! It's small girls of LOOΠΔ!
(LOOΠΔ Line unit is walking towards here!)
HaSeul: Twin tails~
HaSeul: Ponytail~
HaSeul: Four dumplings~
HaSeul: Everything is here~
Go Won: I'd like to know how I look~
(And she is super satisfied with her look)
Go Won: Everyone here is dressed like a little ghost
Go Won: Don't you think?
Chuu: Hey~
Chuu: Come here!
Chuu: You put a flower in your hair!
YeoJin: Yes I did
Chuu: Thell me the name of your flower
YeoJin: A YeoJin flower!
Chuu: Phew
(Spinning around and around together is a concept this time!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Perfect Love"
(All the girls gathered together and it exceed the max limitation of cuteness!)
Kim Lip: Ah, cute~
Kim Lip: They're quuite different with us
(LOOΠΔ Line's photo shooting is done!)
Kim Lip: Pretty bright, so beautiful!
Yves: I almost cried
Yves: because it's been a while since we've met
(They've been separated because of the height!)